reformat_dbt_sap_readme_and_update_yml (#36)
fivetran/dbt_sap: README.md

> The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.

Reviewer: Small wording adjustment to match the multiple tables now shown below.
```suggestion
The following tables provide a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
```

> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_sap/#!/overview?g_v=1).

> ## Extractor Reports ##

Reviewer: Same note about not needing the header notation on the right of the header in markdown.
```suggestion
## Extractor Reports
```

Reviewer: Additionally, this update should be documented in the CHANGELOG as a documentation update.
